Marcos Colares
Computer Scientist

Menu mobile/Desktop: 
- About Me
- My projects
- My Story
- Social Media
- Copy email

About me:
Graduating in Computer Science at IFMA(Instituto Federal do Marnhão), currently in the 3rd period.
The pragramming languages that i use are JavaScript, HTML and CSS (I know, html and css aren't pragramming languages in fact). I'm also studying TypeScript, Data Structure, OOP and Web Development.

My Story:
I started studying programming and IT at the end of 2021, in 2022 I put on a bit more gas and did a few things in html and css but I didn't get very deep into it as well as in 2023, a lot because of the enem since I was in high school. In 2024 I started studying Computer Science and it was from there that I really began to delve into the area, studying algorithms, programming logic and creating lots of frontend projects to practice. 
In my spare time, I like to play games like Skyrim, read books like The Lord of the Rings, The Silmarillion and The Hobbit, go for walks with my dog and watch fantasy movies like The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings trilogies. I really like LOTR!

My projects:
Project 1 - title: Contact Form
It's a website where the user should be able to interact with a form to contact a company or something related. Error messages should appear if the user doesn't fill in a field correctly. If they fill in all the information correctly, the user will see a message confirming that the information has been sent!

Project 2 - title: Social Dashboard 
It's a type of calculator that calculates your age according to your date of birth. This calculator shows the days, months and years you've lived. It was a great challenge, the biggest yet! It was a great way to test my knowledge, and after completing this challenge, I realized that I needed to study a lot more.

Project 3 - Interactive Rating
It's a website where the user chooses a number from 1 to 5, as if it were an opinion. By choosing one of the numbers and clicking on “Submit”, the user should see a thank you screen.
